chore: 1031 migrate docs to nuxt UI docs template (#1049)
Tresjs/tres: docs/content/3.api/2.composables/5.use-loader.md

---
title: useLoader
description: useLoader is a composable for loading 3D assets and textures with Three.js loaders, supporting progress tracking and reactivity.
---

> The `useLoader` composable provides a reactive, composable-friendly way to load 3D models and textures using any Three.js loader. It supports progress tracking, error handling, and works seamlessly with Vue's reactivity system. This makes it ideal for loading assets in TresJS scenes, including GLTF, FBX, textures, and more.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** I suggest changing the wording as a composable is always composable-friendly (whatever this means 😁).

```suggestion
The `useLoader` composable provides a reactive and easy-to-use method for loading 3D models and textures with any Three.js loader. It supports progress tracking, error handling, and works seamlessly with Vue's reactivity system. This makes it ideal for loading assets in TresJS scenes, including GLTF, FBX, textures, and more.
```
